disable batch write to tidb without locktable (#920)
pingcap/tispark: docs/datasource_api_userguide.md

| writeConcurrency            | -             | false    | maximum number of threads writing data to tikv, suggest `writeConcurrency` <= 8 * `number of TiKV instance` | 0       |
TiSpark's common options can also be passed in, e.g. `spark.tispark.plan.allow_agg_pushdown`, `spark.tispark.plan.allow_index_read`, etc.

## TiDB Version and Configuration for Write

> TiDB's version should >= 3.0 and make sure that the following config is correctly set.

Reviewer: s/the following config is/the following configs are

Author: fixed

```

> # enable-table-lock is used to control table lock feature. Default is false, indicate the table lock feature is disabled.

Reviewer: what do you mean by saying "table lock feature"?

Author: copy from tidb https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/blob/master/config/config.toml.example#L57

Reviewer: em, I guess they did not pay attention to the comments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# enable-table-lock is used to control table lock feature. The default value is false, indicating the table lock feature is disabled.
```

Author: fixed

enable-table-lock: true

> # delay-clean-table-lock is used to control whether delayed-release the table lock in the abnormal situation. (Milliseconds)

Reviewer: Should we move `(Milliseconds)` to `6000`

Author: copy from tidb https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/blob/master/config/config.toml.example#L60
